README.md, before:

# .wallpapers

These wallpapers are barely organized. If you care about filenames, you might hate this. If you just want things loosely organized in folders, this repo should work well enough for you. Some wallpapers in this repo are sourced from talented YouTubers such as Distrotube, Brodie, and others. Various subreddits were pilfered using [wppfzf](https://github.com/channel-42/wppfzf). Some other wallpapers are from popular desktop environments like Gnome and XFCE. This collection has something for everyone and was created by taking something from everyone. 🥷

Note the large collection of gruvbox (my preferred color scheme) wallpapers in the color-scheme folder. It includes many custom made wallpapers created with [Image-Go-Nord](https://ign.schroedinger-hat.org/), [gruvbox_factory](https://github.com/paulopacitti/gruvbox-factory), [xnconvert](https://www.xnview.com/en/xnconvert/), or [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/). 🎨

[OxiPNG](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) and [Curtail](https://github.com/Huluti/Curtail) are used thoroughly in this collection to losslessly minimize file sizes. Enjoy a snappier experience while browsing to find your next wallpaper! 💻 

## Usage
You may want to move or link this repo to your `/usr/share/backgrounds` folder to give your entire system access to these wallpapers. This may also require root/sudo privileges. Perform this operation from your file manager if you prefer. You may have to add this repo manually to whatever wallpaper manager that you use regardless, so the steps below are not mandatory... just optional use cases.

#### Move / Install
```
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
mv .wallpapers /usr/share/backgrounds
```
#### Link
```
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
ln -s .wallpapers /usr/share/backgrounds
```
#### or, you can simply...
```
cd /usr/share/backgrounds
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
```

## Got these wallpapers where you want them now? Good!
Now, start using them! Seriously... go! That's all folks!

## 📋 To-Do List

- [x] ✅ Kickstart the repo, even if it currently stinks
- [x] 😎 Write a self-indulgent readme file
- [x] 📥 Fetch even more wallpapers
- [x] 🖼️ Optimize wallpapers using [OxiPNG](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) and [Curtail](https://github.com/Huluti/Curtail)
- [ ] 🔄 Rearrange the repository with an objectively not-crap naming convention

Commit message:

move around and reword some things

README.md, after:

# .wallpapers

This collection has something for everyone and was created by taking something from everyone. 🥷

These wallpapers are barely organized. If you care about filenames, you might hate this. If you want lots of wallpapers loosely organized in folders, this repo should work well enough for you. Some wallpapers in this repo are sourced from talented YouTubers such as Distrotube, Brodie, and others. Various subreddits were pilfered using [wppfzf](https://github.com/botus99/wppfzf). Some other wallpapers are from popular desktop environments like Gnome and XFCE.

Note the large collection of gruvbox (my preferred color scheme) wallpapers in the color-scheme folder. It includes many custom made wallpapers created with [Image-Go-Nord](https://ign.schroedinger-hat.org/), [gruvbox_factory](https://github.com/paulopacitti/gruvbox-factory), [xnconvert](https://www.xnview.com/en/xnconvert/), or [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/). 🎨

[OxiPNG](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) and [Curtail](https://github.com/Huluti/Curtail) are used thoroughly in this collection to losslessly compress PNG images and compress JPG images to a quality of 80. 💻 

## Usage
You may want to move or link this repo to your `/usr/share/backgrounds` folder to give your entire system access to these wallpapers. This may also require root/sudo privileges. Perform this operation from your file manager if you prefer. You may have to add this repo manually to whatever wallpaper manager that you use regardless, so the steps below are not mandatory... just optional use cases.

#### Move / Install
```
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
mv .wallpapers /usr/share/backgrounds
```
#### Link
```
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
ln -s .wallpapers /usr/share/backgrounds
```
#### or, you can simply...
```
cd /usr/share/backgrounds
git clone https://github.com/botus99/.wallpapers
```

## Got these wallpapers where you want them now? Good!
Now, start using them! Seriously... go! That's all folks!

## 📋 To-Do List

- [x] ✅ Kickstart the repo, even if it currently stinks
- [x] 😎 Write a self-indulgent readme file
- [x] 📥 Fetch even more wallpapers
- [x] 🖼️ Optimize wallpapers using [OxiPNG](https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng) and [Curtail](https://github.com/Huluti/Curtail)
- [ ] 🔄 Rearrange the repository with an objectively not-crap naming convention
